Todo.md, before:

### for v0.9
convert spell slots to spell points / mana
add overchanneling (spending more spell points for more potency, bonus to attack rolls, saves or damage)
implement Spellcasting Training
- cantrip upgrade choices instead of automatic leveling
- [[Spell Manipulation]]
- elemental specializations & school specializations
- improved overchanneling (advantage on burn save, free overchannel charges)
- cheapening spells (for example, making a lv1 spell free at lv7)
add weavestrikes
- invoking spell burn
- draining spell points
differentiate spellcasting foci mechanically
- add statblocks, relate with existing weapons
- give magical effects
- gatekeep spellcasting training behind them
- orb = self, rod = others, wand = offense, crystal = defense, staff = all
- wand = ranged spell attacks, staff = melee spell attacks
add and adjust spells to interfere with spell points (eg. dispel removing spell points)
add weavewounds (risked on overchannel, being dispelled or being weavestruck) that increase spell point cost by 1
### for whenevs
extract extended action from the Rite and Surgery
- three successes to win
- resource drain on failure
reflect on the reliability of dodging compared to blocking and parrying
explicate how vision manifests on grids
explain how to design fair monsters
- high DR, low Hit DC & HP -> counter with damage surge &/ aimed strikes
- high Hit DC, low HP & DR -> counter with attack surge
- high HP, low DR & Hit DC -> counter with aimed strikes
new magic items
- amantine Jazz: Adamant Defensivaura wegen crit prot; bufft defensive reactions
- elemental armour
- damage reduction drain aura armour
- wounding weapon (imposes wound save disadvantage)
- +0|+1d4 and +2|+0 weapons

Commit message:

v0.8.3 Changes
Added new chapter introducions, renamed some parts, fixed some spellings, changed some wordings. Added more DM advice. Moved Changelogs into a folder. Added Miscellaneous Notes.

Todo.md, after:

### for v0.9
convert spell slots to spell points / mana
add overchanneling (spending more spell points for more potency, bonus to attack rolls, saves or damage)
implement Spellcasting Training
- cantrip upgrade choices instead of automatic leveling
- [[Spell Manipulation]]
- elemental specializations & school specializations
- improved overchanneling (advantage on burn save, free overchannel charges)
- cheapening spells (for example, making a lv1 spell free at lv7)
add weavestrikes
- invoking spell burn
- draining spell points
differentiate spellcasting foci mechanically
- add statblocks, relate with existing weapons
- give magical effects
- gatekeep spellcasting training behind them
- orb = self, rod = others, wand = offense, crystal = defense, staff = all
- wand = ranged spell attacks, staff = melee spell attacks
add and adjust spells to interfere with spell points (eg. dispel removing spell points)
add weavewounds (risked on overchannel, being dispelled or being weavestruck) that increase spell point cost by 1
### for whenevs
add descriptions of the three kinds of [[Monsters]], Sponges, Shells and Smalls.
turn bold italic text into h6 in Obsidian to be able to use them as link targets
- turn this back into bold italic text when converting to PDF, but keep the linking
extract extended action from the Rite and Surgery
- three successes to win
- resource drain on failure
reflect on the reliability of dodging compared to blocking and parrying
explicate how vision manifests on grids
explain how to design fair monsters
- high DR, low Hit DC & HP -> counter with damage surge &/ aimed strikes
- high Hit DC, low HP & DR -> counter with attack surge
- high HP, low DR & Hit DC -> counter with aimed strikes
new magic items
- amantine Jazz: Adamant Defensivaura wegen crit prot; bufft defensive reactions
- elemental armour
- damage reduction drain aura armour
- wounding weapon (imposes wound save disadvantage)
- +0|+1d4 and +2|+0 weapons
