There are a few rules and mechanics in the base game that are changed in this section, as they do not fit especially well into the other sections of these rules. The use of these rules is also not required to make the other rules and mechanics in this ruleset function as intended.
#### Cooperative Help Action
There are a few situations where the Help Action would be a flavourful narrative means of giving an ally Advantage, but this is invalidated by there already being another source of Advantage for that roll. In those cases, a variant for the Help Action is needed to keep encouraging cooperative checks. Also, it should be kept in mind that Advantage should be something special that, at best, requires an alignment between the character and the context they find themselves in.

**_Rule_**: Instead of granting an ally Advantage on an ability check through the use of the Help Action, you may instead choose to also roll the same ability check with your own modifiers. In that case, the highest of the totals between you and your ally is used to determine the result of the ability check. This way, other sources of Advantage can still apply.
#### Narrative Patronage
The bond between a Warlock and their Patron has long been a great source to build narrative around, even if this bond is mechanically rather unimportant. The following variant rule for the Warlocks Patronage can change this.

**_Rule_**: You and your DM may find your own consensus about how your patron supplies you with Spell Points through your Patronage feature. For example, you may decide that your patron offers more of their supply when you fulfill their tasks or act following their ideals, and that they cut it off only when you break a promise or act in opposition to their ideals.

When finding and playing with a consensus like this, always consider how your power compares to that of your party members, so that you have neither too many Spell Points at your disposal nor too few. The narrative, however, may on occasion lead to one extreme or the other, and it can be fun and interesting to follow the narrative there from time to time. It is about the pact and relationship between you and your patron, after all. Whether you two are buddies, business partners, or one exploits or extorts the other, that is up to discussion and design.
#### Wider Cones
Using the rules as written on a square grid, a Burning Hands spell fired straight forward effectively hits up to one creature at 5 feet distance, up to one creature at 10 feet distance, and up to three creatures at 15 feet distance. This is a bit underwhelming and a pattern for other effects that use cones, such as a dragon's breath weapon or a Cone of Cold spell, which makes effects using cones pale in comparison to those using Circles, such as a Fireball spell.

**_Rule_**: To make cones a bit more effective, treat every field of a grid that is touched by the cone as a part of its area of effect, instead of only those fields that are covered by the cone more than half. This effectively makes a cone roughly 5 feet wider at any given point, leading to a Burning Hands spread of 1-3-3 instead of the 1-1-3 spread referenced above.