In the spirit of interactivity, [[Contests]] are reintroduced from the 2014 rules. Armour Class is replaced by a new system that relies on reactive defence through contests, as described in the chapter on [[AC-less defence]] and implemented through [[Blocking]], [[Dodging]], and [[Parrying]]. This reactive defence is further supported by changes to the action economy that revolve around [[Reactions]]. [[Surge Dice]] are introduced to convert remaining reactions into bonuses for the following turn.

Passive defence is also reworked, featuring changes to [[AC-less defence#Cover|Cover]] and the introduction of [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]]. [[Shields]] now work through Cover and were separated into three kinds of shields to allow for more differentiated benefits, thus allowing for more flavourful and diverse characters.
[[Chapter 4 - Equipment/Armour|Armour]] now works through [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]].

In response to attack rolls losing importance due to targets being generally easier to hit, [[Aimed Strikes]] bring new flavourful options and tactical complexities to the game by allowing creatures to target specific body parts with their attacks. This can [[Conditions|wound or disable]] the body parts in question. To work against the detrimental effects of these, [[Surgery]] and the [[Rite of Regeneration]] were added to allow their restoration. Distinct [[Chapter 4 - Equipment/Armour#Armour Pieces|armour pieces]] are introduced to fill in defence against [[Aimed Strikes]].

[[Spellcasting]] has been reworked to work through [[Spell Points]] and a [[Spell Limits]] instead, allowing for more variance between spellcasters and their playstyles. In the same vein, [[Upcasting]] has been changed a bit, [[Overcasting]] has been introduced to allow the risky choice of offering ones health for more powerful spells, and the effects of having a [[Spellcasting Focus]] are more impactful now. Spells are now also rolled with a [[Spell Check]] that can enhance spell attacks and that replaces the Spell Save DC to, once again, shift the focus more towards contested rolls. There is a small load of new spells to interface with the new spell rules and reaction economy, and many spells have seen changes to fit into this system better.

[[Martial Training]] is introduced to unify a multitude of features and benefits for martials, such as Fighting Styles and Weapon Mastery. [[Caster Training]] is introduced in turn to offer a parallel system for casters.

[[Vision & Focus]] are described in detail to encourage more strategic positioning and give attackers a way to bypass their targets reactive defense.

[[Aspects of Stealth]] are described to rework stealth in terms of various senses that can work against it and thus can be manipulated in favour of it.

Finally, there are adjustments to [[Classes|class features]], [[Feats|feats]], and [[Chapter 5 - Spellcasting/Spells|spells]], mainly to bring them in line with the changes to defence, [[Grappling & Shoving|grappling and shoving]] are reverted to their 2014 version, and last but not least, there is a section offering a short guide on how [[Monsters|monsters]] are affected by the reworks offered here.