Chapter 0 - Introduction/Content Overview.md, before:

In the spirit of interactivity, [[Contests]] are reintroduced from the 2014 rules. Armour Class is replaced by a new system that relies on reactive defence through contests, as described in the chapter on [[AC-less defence]] and implemented through [[Blocking]], [[Dodging]], and [[Parrying]]. This reactive defence is further supported by changes to the action economy that revolve around [[Reactions]]. [[Surge Dice]] are introduced to convert remaining reactions into bonuses for the following turn.

Passive defence is also reworked, featuring changes to [[AC-less defence#Cover|Cover]] and the introduction of [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]]. [[Shields]] now work through Cover and were separated into three kinds of shields to allow for more differentiated benefits, thus allowing for more flavourful and diverse characters.
[[Armour]] now works through [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]].

In response to attack rolls losing importance due to targets being generally easier to hit, [[Aimed Strikes]] bring new flavourful options and tactical complexities to the game by allowing creatures to target specific body parts with their attacks. This can [[Conditions|wound or disable]] the body parts in question. To work against the detrimental effects of these, [[Surgery]] and the [[Rite of Regeneration]] were added to allow their restoration. Distinct [[Armour#Armour Pieces|armour pieces]] are introduced to fill in defence against [[Aimed Strikes]].

[[Vision & Focus]] are described in detail to encourage more strategic positioning and give attackers a way to bypass their targets reactive defense.

[[Combat Training]] is introduced to unify a multitude of features and benefits for martials, such as Fighting Styles and Weapon Mastery.

[[Aspects of Stealth]] are described to rework stealth in terms of various senses that can work against it and thus can be manipulated in favour of it.

[[Spell Manipulation]] is added in the same vein as reactive defence as a treat for spellcasters, because they are otherwise less affected in their action economy by the new reworks.

Finally, there are adjustments to [[Classes|class features]], [[Feats|feats]], and [[Spells|spells]], mainly to bring them in line with the changes to defence, [[Other Combat Changes|Grappling and shoving]] are reverted to their 2014 version, and last but not least, there is a section offering a short guide on how [[Monsters|monsters]] are affected by the reworks offered here.

Commit message:

v0.9.a1 - Spellcasting Rework
First draft of the upcoming Spellcasting Rework. Spell Slots are replaced by Spell Points. Spellcasting Foci are more mechanically impactful now. Caster Training was introduced. Spell Manipulation and some Feats were made part of Caster Training. Overcasting was introduced.

Chapter 0 - Introduction/Content Overview.md, after:

In the spirit of interactivity, [[Contests]] are reintroduced from the 2014 rules. Armour Class is replaced by a new system that relies on reactive defence through contests, as described in the chapter on [[AC-less defence]] and implemented through [[Blocking]], [[Dodging]], and [[Parrying]]. This reactive defence is further supported by changes to the action economy that revolve around [[Reactions]]. [[Surge Dice]] are introduced to convert remaining reactions into bonuses for the following turn.

Passive defence is also reworked, featuring changes to [[AC-less defence#Cover|Cover]] and the introduction of [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]]. [[Shields]] now work through Cover and were separated into three kinds of shields to allow for more differentiated benefits, thus allowing for more flavourful and diverse characters.
[[Chapter 4 - Equipment/Armour|Armour]] now works through [[AC-less defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]].

In response to attack rolls losing importance due to targets being generally easier to hit, [[Aimed Strikes]] bring new flavourful options and tactical complexities to the game by allowing creatures to target specific body parts with their attacks. This can [[Conditions|wound or disable]] the body parts in question. To work against the detrimental effects of these, [[Surgery]] and the [[Rite of Regeneration]] were added to allow their restoration. Distinct [[Chapter 4 - Equipment/Armour#Armour Pieces|armour pieces]] are introduced to fill in defence against [[Aimed Strikes]].

[[Vision & Focus]] are described in detail to encourage more strategic positioning and give attackers a way to bypass their targets reactive defense.

[[Combat Training]] is introduced to unify a multitude of features and benefits for martials, such as Fighting Styles and Weapon Mastery.

[[Aspects of Stealth]] are described to rework stealth in terms of various senses that can work against it and thus can be manipulated in favour of it.

[[Caster Training#Spell Manipulation Features|Spell Manipulation]] is added in the same vein as reactive defence as a treat for spellcasters, because they are otherwise less affected in their action economy by the new reworks.

Finally, there are adjustments to [[Classes|class features]], [[Feats|feats]], and [[Chapter 5 - Spellcasting/Spells|spells]], mainly to bring them in line with the changes to defence, [[Other Combat Changes|Grappling and shoving]] are reverted to their 2014 version, and last but not least, there is a section offering a short guide on how [[Monsters|monsters]] are affected by the reworks offered here.
