Chapter 3 - Feats/Feats.md, before:

With the introduction of [[Combat Training]], many feats had their content moved there. Their features can now be accessed through the Combat Adept feat and through class features, as described in the chapter on [[Combat Training]]. The affected feats are: Crossbow Expert, Crusher, Defensive Duelist, Dual Wielder, Great Weapon Master, Heavily Armored, Heavy Armor Master, Lightly Armored, Martial Weapon Training, Medium Armor Master, Moderately Armored, Piercer, Polearm Master, Sharpshooter, Shield Master, Slasher, Weapon Master, and all Fighting Style feats.

Outside of that, other changes to feats can be found here, with the full description of the new changed feat being shown here.
### Origin Feats
***Savage Attacker***: Whenever you roll damage for an attack, add a d6 to the dice pool and ignore the lowest die result.
### General Feats
***Combat Adept***: You gain the following benefits:
- *Ability Score Increase*: Increase your Strength or Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.
- *Training*: You gain two [[Combat Training]] features of your choice.
- *Repeatable*: You can take this feat more than once.
### Fighting Style Feats
These feats are all now part of [[Combat Training]] and can be accessed through the Combat Adept feat and through class features, as described in the chapter on [[Combat Training]].

Commit message:

v0.8.3 Changes
Added new chapter introducions, renamed some parts, fixed some spellings, changed some wordings. Added more DM advice. Moved Changelogs into a folder. Added Miscellaneous Notes.

Chapter 3 - Feats/Feats.md, after:

Feats have received major changes, as [[Combat Training]] has been introduced as a new system for martial characters to receive new features, and many feats had their content moved there because of this. [[Combat Training]] features can be accessed through the new Combat Adept Feat and through class features, as described in the chapter on [[Combat Training]].

These Feats have been merged into [[Combat Training]]: Crossbow Expert, Crusher, Defensive Duelist, Dual Wielder, Great Weapon Master, Heavily Armored, Heavy Armor Master, Lightly Armored, Martial Weapon Training, Medium Armor Master, Moderately Armored, Piercer, Polearm Master, Sharpshooter, Shield Master, Slasher, Weapon Master, and all Fighting Style feats.

Outside of that, other changes to feats can be found here, with the full description of the new changed feat being shown here.
### Origin Feats
***Savage Attacker***: Whenever you roll damage for an attack, add a d6 to the dice pool and ignore the lowest die result.
### General Feats
***Combat Adept***: You gain the following benefits:
- *Ability Score Increase*: Increase your Strength, Dexterity or Constitution score by 1, to a maximum of 20.
- *Training*: You gain two [[Combat Training]] features of your choice.
- *Repeatable*: You can take this feat more than once.
### Fighting Style Feats
These feats are all now part of [[Combat Training]] and can be accessed through the Combat Adept Feat and through class features, as described in the chapter on [[Combat Training]].
