Introduction/Values.md, before:

### Interactivity
We here at we-know-what's-best-for-you GmbH know what's best for you, and that is fun, and we firmly believe that fun can only be achieved in a game where all participating parties are involved in whatever is happening. These rules try to do this ambition justice by putting a focus on [[Contests|contested]] rolls, because two people in the same action are more than one. Additionally, there are more options to react to events in combat even when you are neither victim not perpetrator, leading to more participation and thus more room for fun.
### Flavour
Another main drive expressed through these rules is one for flavour, the irresistable urge to bring something into existence that feels great. Ways to perform cool moves and through doing so bringing a character to life that feels real, coherent, and evokes awe.

This interweaving of character fantasy and in-game behaviour will be a recurring theme throughout these rules. An assassin ought to assassinate, and thus the rules have to be there to not just enable, but support and incentivize the assassin specifically to assassinate.
### Strategy
I like positional combat on battlemaps, and these rules bring new incentive to strategic positioning through the introduction of Focus, Vision and a new interactive action economy that offers a real trade-off between aggression and defence through the new defensive reactions, as well as between doing something now and doing something better later through surge dice.
### Flow
When combat takes ages and some people got nothing to do, shit's whack.
### Variety
If there are too few viable options to choose from, shit's whack.
### Balance
I don't know whether much of this is balanced. Nothing of this sticks out to me as broken or useless, do tell me where I'm wrong though.

Commit message:

Added context and reader guidance
Also some minor other changes and clarifications

Introduction/Values.md, after:

This ruleset tries to follow a distinct set of values in the choice of which rules to change, how to design these changes, and when and how to introduce new rules.
### Interactivity
This is the core value this ruleset is interested in. Rules and features should come with options for other players to interact with them. This can come in the shape of both synergy and counterplay, and primarily pursues the goal of improved agency and engagement.
- *Synergy*: When a player tries to achieve something, there should be options for other players to assist with that or enhance the effect. Additionally, there should be ways for players to protect one another in combat, as well as actions that are deliberately cooperative.
- *Counterplay*: For incoming effects, it should be possible to avoid or mitigate them within reason, and it should be possible to undo their effects with adequate effort. Especially powerful effects may be an exception to this rule when it comes to being avoided or mitigated, but those should remain special.
### Flavour
Another main drive expressed through these rules is one for flavour, the irresistable urge to bring something into existence that feels great. Ways to perform cool moves and through doing so bringing a character to life that feels real, coherent, and evokes awe.

This interweaving of character fantasy and in-game behaviour will be a recurring theme throughout these rules. An assassin ought to assassinate, and thus the rules have to be there to not just enable, but support and incentivize the assassin specifically to assassinate.

This also requires some rules or features to be more enticing to some characters rather than others, because when something is used equally well by all, it does not highlight particular character strengths.
### Strategy
I like positional combat on battlemaps, and these rules bring new incentive to strategic positioning through the introduction of Focus, Vision and a new interactive action economy that offers a real trade-off between aggression and defence through the new defensive reactions, as well as between doing something now and doing something better later through surge dice.
### Balance
The only state of balance these rules want to avoid at all costs is the existence of playstyles that render too many challenges trivial. There should always remain some risk, and there should always be differences between what the players in the party are good at, and every player should be better in some regard than other players.
