**_Object Statistics_**: Objects have Hit Points, a [[AC-less Defence#Hit DC|Hit DC]] and [[AC-less Defence#Damage Reduction|Damage Reduction]], similar to creatures. The Hit DC depends on the size of the object, the Damage Reduction on the density and hardness of the material, and the Hit Points on the overall sturdiness and resilience. The previous AC of an object is converted to a Damage Reduction of 10 less than that AC.

**_Disabling Objects_**: Usually, objects are disabled as soon as their Hit Points reach 0. Some objects are especially vulnerable to being disabled through regular attacks though. Such objects will have their function impaired after the first damaging hit, and will be disabled after the second one.

**_Object Parts_**: Similar to how a body has body parts that can be targeted with [[Aimed Strikes]], objects may have object parts that can be targeted similarly. However, unlike body parts, objects can't be [[Conditions#Wounded|wounded]] and don't roll Wound saves. Instead, when an object part is hit with an Aimed Strike and takes damage, it immediately has its function impaired, and when it is hit again, the function related to the part is disabled.

**_Weapons, Shields and Armour_**: Weapons, shields and armour are usually considered to not take damage from attacks against their wearers or wielders, and they are usually considered to not take damage through ordinary means. When an attack deals sufficient damage to the wearer, an armour may be damaged, and when such an attack is blocked or parried, the shield or weapon may be damaged, too. This should be reserved for special occasions.