Chapter 5 - Spellcasting/Spells.md, before:

These spell changes are meant to bring spells in line with the new mechanics, such as [[Spell Check|Spell checks]], [[AC-less defence]] and [[Conditions|wounds]]. They also work as examples for how Spell levels and Spell Slots are converted to Spell Points.
### Barkskin
Transmutation (Druid, Ranger). Cost: 6 Spell Points. Casting Time: Bonus Action. Range: Touch. Component: V, S, M (a handful of bark). Duration: 1 hour.

You touch a willing creature. Until the spell ends, the target’s skin assumes a bark-like appearance, and the target has a Damage Reduction of 4 if its Damage Reduction was lower before. Then, its Damage Reduction is increased by 3, for a minimum Damage Reduction of 7.

*Upcasting*: The Damage Reduction is increased by an additional 1 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Blur
Illusion (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 6 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Self. Components: V. Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute.

Your body becomes blurred. For the duration, any creature has Disadvantage on attack rolls against you and your Hit DC increases by 5 for those attacks.

An attacker is unaffected by this spell if they have the Blinded condition, Blindsight, or Truesight.
### Counterspell
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard) Cost: 9 Spell Points. Casting Time: Reaction, which you take when you see a creature within 60 feet of yourself casting a spell with Verbal, Somatic, or Material components. Range: 60 feet. Components: S. Duration: Instantaneous.

You attempt to interrupt a creature in the process of casting a spell. If your Spell check exceeds theirs, the spell dissipates with no effect, and the action, Bonus Action, or Reaction used to cast it is wasted. If that spell was cast with a spell slot, the slot isn't expended.
### Cure Wounds
Abjuration (Bard, Cleric, Druid, Paladin, Ranger). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

A creature you touch regains a number of Hit Points equal to 2d8 plus your spellcasting ability modifier and has all their [[Conditions|wounds]] removed.

*Upcasting*: The healing increases by 2d8 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Dispel Magic
Abjuration (Bard, Cleric, Druid, Paladin, Ranger, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard). Cost: 9 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: 120 feet. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

Choose one creature, object, or magical effect within range. Any ongoing spell on the target that didn't cost more than this spell ends. For each ongoing more costly spell on the target, compare your Spell check to its Spell check. If your Spell check exceeds the other by more than the other spells additional cost, the target spell ends.

*Upcasting*: Every additional Spell Point increases the range of spells that are automatically ended and makes it easier to end more costly spells, as described above.
### Inflict Wounds
Necromancy (Cleric). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

A creature you touch makes a Constitution saving throw, taking 2d10 Necrotic damage on a failed save or half as much damage on a successful one.

On a failed save, you may choose to convert any number of the damage dice into [[Conditions|wounds]]. For every converted die, pick a body part that is not already [[Conditions|Wounded]]. The body part is now [[Conditions|Wounded]].

*Upcasting*: The damage increases by 1d10 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Mage Armour
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S, M (a piece of cured leather). Duration: 8 hours.

You touch a willing creature who isn’t wearing armor. Until the spell ends, the target's Damage Reduction is increased by 3. The spell ends early if the target dons armor.
### Shield
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Reaction, which you take when you are hit by an attack roll or targeted by the Magic Missile spell. Range: Self. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

An imperceptible barrier of magical force protects you. You take no damage from the triggering attack or Magic Missile spell.
### Shield of Faith
Abjuration (Cleric, Paladin). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Bonus Action. Range: 60 feet. Components: V, S, M (a prayer scroll). Duration: Concentration, up to 10 minutes.

A shimmering field surrounds a creature of your choice within range, diverting incoming attacks for the duration, granting the creature a +2 bonus to their Hit DC.

Commit message:

v0.9.a2 Changes
Updated the changelog. Added more Casting Training features and changed some. Changed Counterspell to run more parallel to Dispel Magic. Added Sorcerer and Warlock changes.

Chapter 5 - Spellcasting/Spells.md, after:

These spell changes are meant to bring spells in line with the new mechanics, such as [[Spell Check|Spell checks]], [[AC-less defence]] and [[Conditions|wounds]]. They also work as examples for how Spell levels and Spell Slots are converted to Spell Points.
### Barkskin
Transmutation (Druid, Ranger). Cost: 6 Spell Points. Casting Time: Bonus Action. Range: Touch. Component: V, S, M (a handful of bark). Duration: 1 hour.

You touch a willing creature. Until the spell ends, the target’s skin assumes a bark-like appearance, and the target has a Damage Reduction of 4 if its Damage Reduction was lower before. Then, its Damage Reduction is increased by 3, for a minimum Damage Reduction of 7.

*Upcasting*: The Damage Reduction is increased by an additional 1 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Blur
Illusion (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 6 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Self. Components: V. Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute.

Your body becomes blurred. For the duration, any creature has Disadvantage on attack rolls against you and your Hit DC increases by 5 for those attacks.

An attacker is unaffected by this spell if they have the Blinded condition, Blindsight, or Truesight.
### Counterspell
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard) Cost: 9 Spell Points. Casting Time: Reaction, which you take when you see a creature within 60 feet of yourself casting a spell with Verbal, Somatic, or Material components. Range: 60 feet. Components: S. Duration: Instantaneous.

You attempt to interrupt a creature in the process of casting a spell. If their spell didn't cost more than this spell, it dissipates. Otherwise, compare your Spell check to theirs. If your Spell check exceeds theirs by more than the other spells additional cost, it also dissipates.

When their spell dissipates like this, it has no effect, and the action, Bonus Action, or Reaction used to cast it is wasted. If it was cast with Spell Points, those Spell Points are not spent.

*Upcasting*: Every additional Spell Point increases the range of spells that automatically dissipate and makes it easier to make more costly spells dissipate, as described above.
### Cure Wounds
Abjuration (Bard, Cleric, Druid, Paladin, Ranger). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

A creature you touch regains a number of Hit Points equal to 2d8 plus your spellcasting ability modifier and has all their [[Conditions|wounds]] removed.

*Upcasting*: The healing increases by 2d8 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Dispel Magic
Abjuration (Bard, Cleric, Druid, Paladin, Ranger, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard). Cost: 9 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: 120 feet. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

Choose one creature, object, or magical effect within range. Any ongoing spell on the target that didn't cost more than this spell ends. For each ongoing more costly spell on the target, compare your Spell check to its Spell check. If your Spell check exceeds the other by more than the other spells additional cost, the target spell ends.

*Upcasting*: Every additional Spell Point increases the range of spells that are automatically ended and makes it easier to end more costly spells, as described above.
### Inflict Wounds
Necromancy (Cleric). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

A creature you touch makes a Constitution saving throw, taking 2d10 Necrotic damage on a failed save or half as much damage on a successful one.

On a failed save, you may choose to convert any number of the damage dice into [[Conditions|wounds]]. For every converted die, pick a body part that is not already [[Conditions|Wounded]]. The body part is now [[Conditions|Wounded]].

*Upcasting*: The damage increases by 1d10 for every additional 3 Spell Points spent.
### Mage Armour
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Action. Range: Touch. Components: V, S, M (a piece of cured leather). Duration: 8 hours.

You touch a willing creature who isn’t wearing armor. Until the spell ends, the target's Damage Reduction is increased by 3. The spell ends early if the target dons armor.
### Shield
Abjuration (Sorcerer, Wizard). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Reaction, which you take when you are hit by an attack roll or targeted by the Magic Missile spell. Range: Self. Components: V, S. Duration: Instantaneous.

An imperceptible barrier of magical force protects you. You take no damage from the triggering attack or Magic Missile spell.
### Shield of Faith
Abjuration (Cleric, Paladin). Cost: 3 Spell Points. Casting Time: Bonus Action. Range: 60 feet. Components: V, S, M (a prayer scroll). Duration: Concentration, up to 10 minutes.

A shimmering field surrounds a creature of your choice within range, diverting incoming attacks for the duration, granting the creature a +2 bonus to their Hit DC.
